psr:
PSR( Photographic Society of RUET)

History:
Photographic Society of RUET was created in 2002. This club was formed in order to deliver the best photographic potential from the students of Rajshahi Engineering University & Technology. This society is working to bring closer all the photographers of RUET.

Objectives:
PSR was formed to innovate the photographic potential among the engineering student. Our objective is not only throwing photo exhibition but also arranging workshop on photography. And there is a small photo exhibition in every month selecting the three best photo of the month. Organizing a Photowalk in every month is another of our objectives.


Membership:
The membership of the PSR is simple and easy. All the students (including Ex as well) of RUET interested in photography can join the club at their free will. Visitors are welcome to participate in our programs as well. Individuals are also welcome to participate in any of our activities. The Membership Process is offered once a year just after the joining of a new batch in the university. However, Ex-students can join with PSR any time paying the Regular Registration Fee.

Entry Fee: Tk. 100/- (Free for New Comer Batch)
1 Year Subscription Fee: Tk. 100/-

Facebook Group: http://web.facebook.com/groups/ruetps/
Flickr Group: http://www.flickr.com/groups/ruetps/


onuronon:
This resonance of the beautiful explorer of Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology (RUET), in the Shade Sunibir Angana, This organization 'Resonance-Cultural Club of RUET' is a mix of cultural and literary activities of students with technology.

Foundations and activities:
Resonance-Cultural Club of RUET, established in March 2015 Established in the spirit of independence and cultural liberation, this organization has been playing a leading role in the study of human values ​​and the Bengali culture of Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology since its inception.


rapl:
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM or ACM) is the largest organization of computer science students, teachers, researchers and professionals worldwide. This organization was formed in 1947. Headquartered in New York, USA Through around 35 special interest groups, this organization is leading the study of various branches of computer science. ACM organizes around 120 conferences every year. The organization publishes numerous journals of computer science every year.


rcf:
RUET Career Forum, one of the leading student organization in RUET. It started it’s journey on 30 August, 2014. From the very beginning, RCF is working for the betterment of students’ skills, making them prepared for the upcoming job life and corporate world. For this, RCF arranges different seminar, workshop, sessions for self development, job fair etc.


